Table doco - improve rules on drop down menu use for actions (#1604)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: packages/react/src/table/docs/overview.mdx

- use for datasets with more than 2 columns
- use for tabular data - not layouts
- provide a meaningful caption (heading), or use aria-labelledby to reference a heading
- keep row heights small
- use a simple table structure - complex tables are difficult to navigate.
- use Pagination to break up tables with many rows
- align text left and numeric data right
- only include text, tags, links, actions and status badges as content

> - only use dropdown menu for actions if there are three or more essential actions

Reviewer: "important" sounds better than "essential" imo

```suggestion
- only use dropdown menu for actions if there are three or more important actions
```

Author: I think it needs to be 'required' because actions on tables should only be used if required

Reviewer: "Required" sort of makes it sound like a user has to perform these actions on the table rows

Author: I think we remove the adjective all together and have
```suggestion
- only use dropdown menu if you require three or more actions in a table cell
```

Reviewer: Yeah, that's much better

- always use a label on the dropdown menu button
- use a human readable format for numeric data – for example, 1,234,000 instead of 12340000
- allow row sorting by using `TableHeaderSortable`.

<DontHeading />

- repeat information across cells. If each cell has the same content, add it as the column header – for example, Width (cm)
- nest tables inside tables
- use if a list, paragraph of text or diagram will work
- use to summarise form collection data - use a [Summary list](/components/summary-list)
- add lists, diagrams or images

> - use a conmbination of actions in table cells and actions in dropdown menus together in the same table row

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- use a combination of actions in table cells and actions in dropdown menus together in the same table row
```

The actions associated with each table row (e.g. ‘Edit’, ‘Delete’, ‘Download’) should always be positioned in the last column, beneath the table header labeled ‘Actions’.

> Dropdown menus can be used to contain three or more required actions in tables. Labels should be included on dropdown menu buttons.

Reviewer: Perhaps something like this?
```suggestion
If rows contain three or more actions, they can instead be replaced with a Dropdown menu containing these actions.
```

> Dropdown menus can be used to contain three or more essential actions in tables. Labels should be included on dropdown menu buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dropdown menus can be used to contain three or more important actions in tables. Labels should be included on dropdown menu buttons.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Dropdown menus can be used to contain three or more required actions in tables. Labels should be included on dropdown menu buttons.
```

> Dropdown menus can be used to contain three or more essential actions in tables. Labels should be incluided on dropdown menu buttons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dropdown menus can be used to contain three or more essential actions in tables. Labels should be included on dropdown menu buttons.
```

> If each table row can open a page or drawer to view more information, the cells in the first column should be displayed as bold clickable links under the table header labeled with the unique identifier.

Reviewer: I don't think "or drawer" is right here. Drawer's shouldn't be used to view information in a table row like this, only to edit data in the row

Author: ```suggestion
If each table row can open a page to view more information, the cells in the first column should be displayed as bold clickable links under the table header labelled with the unique identifier.

Links that open a page to view a record or more information should be located in the first column, be labelled with a unique identifier, and display as bold text.
```

Reviewer: @adrian-yee Why do we have this second "Links that open…" paragraph? All of that content is listed in the paragraph above

Author: my bad, I was proposing the second para as an alternative to the first

Reviewer: Oh. Updated
